We need to make some changes to the educator interface, but we need to make sure that we do it in a way that is easy to reuse and abstract.

# Refactor

Start off by refactoring. Currently we have far too much happening in the views file.

Reusable functionality should be stored separately to the configuration we are using here.

We are likely to make different panel-based interfaced for different types of users in future. We are looking at Educators right now, but that could change. Eg, we might have a TA interface that just shows what a TA needs to see and nothing else.

# PanelActions

First, each panel needs to have a list of PanelActions, the list is by default empty.

Panel actions each have a label and get rendered at the bottom of the panel as a button with that label as text.

Panel actions can be subclassed. Form actions are associated with a Django form. If you click on the button for a form panel action, then a modal should pop up and inside that modal there will be the form.

We need to implement the PanelAction class.

## Use a PanelAction to implement a Create Cohort function

When we look at the cohorts page, we need an option to add a cohort.

Create a PanelAction linked to a cohort form

The form must be submitted using HTMX.
- Form errors should be rendered correctly

The user can submit the form in 2 ways:
- Save and add another (in this case, the data in the datatable will be updated. The modal will remain open. The form will be cleared)
- Save. In this case the user will be redirected to the cohort details page

## IMPORTANT!!!

We need to make sure that the functionality created here is reusable. We will, in future, want to make use of PanelActions for different things - creating different model instances, accessing different types of functions.

# Tabs

Currently instance views (eg CourseInstanceView) can contain panels.
We need to allow it to also contain tabs, and those tabs can contain panels.

We need to be able to navigate easily between tabs. We need to be able to address panels inside tabs if we need to reload anything.

## IMPORTANT!
Tabs functionality should be designed to be reusable

## CohortInstanceView tabs

Update CohortInstanceView so it has 2 tabs

Tab 1 contains course_progress only
Tab 2 contains everything else

# Edit instance

On the InstanceDetailsPanel, add an "Edit" button. It should allow the user to edit the instance we are looking at.

## Edit Cohort

Allow users to use this Edit Instance functionality to edit a Cohort.


# Delete instance

Create re-usable functionality for adding a Delete button to an instance view.

Demonstrate this by allowing the deletion of Cohorts.
